in preparation for a mass exodus of humanity
blahblahblah individual spaceships
however these ships have no fuel
therefore FICTIONALORG decided to create a path using
mixture of gravity slingshots and just plain BS
didn't matter if some were lost along the way,
 etcetc, greater good, blahblahblah

but! you DON'T KNOW IT'S HUMANS!
and then after you find out, you end up working for the resistance, who plan to send explody things to take out the evil FICTIONALORG.

need a mission with just one dot, and setup some sorta confrontation in which the player kills that dot
and it turns out IT WAS SOMEONE IMPORTANT

----------

Version 2

----------

Ascent Technologies is a company which specializes in the delivery of things through space.
The delivery method involves a massive cannon and wacky constructions held in place via... I think the current bullshit iteration is "ropes".
Joanna Ipcrus is the nice friendly senior engineer and executive.
John Natco starts off a tad assholey but then goes into faux-affably-evil. He wants to be an executive.
After an initial tutorial... I mean... examination by Joanna Ipcrus, the player gets hired by Ascent Technologies to work on planning out the deliveries.

Chapter A levels take place here. "Learning To Shoot"
 1. "Splitting Hairs": John Natco brow-beats player to get it over with on their very first (albeit simple) task.
 2. "Skimming The Surface": John Natco is slightly less annoying in this one.
 3. "A Flipping Perspective": John Natco states this is a priority order, so get it done now or get fired!
 4. "But For A Pixel On A Screen": John Natco says something about Joanna Ipcrus looking out to bring player into her group.
Chapter B levels take place here. "Orchestra Of Dots"
 1. "Acceleration": Joanna Ipcrus says hi, player's been transferred, m8.
 2. "Bureaucratic Space Partitioning": Joanna Ipcrus expresses distrust of John Natco, stating "I think he's after my position"...
 3. "A Taste Of Things To Come": Joanna Ipcrus congratulates player on their work so far. This level uses a one-shot spawner and is someone important being taken somewhere.
 4. "A Hopeful Dream": Most complicated puzzle of first half, Joanna Ipcrus says everybody gets vacation time after this and expresses being dissatisfied with the job (this is important)

After the player has had enough exposure to Joanna Ipcrus that the player might actually care about her, three things happen in sequence:
1. Level B4
2. John Natco then tells player that he needs something disposed of, and has the player do it (turning_point)
3. Player gets video-called by Joanna Ipcrus, who is the person player just sent to her death. (turning_point_post)

Player gets a letter from Q1.

Chapter C levels take place here. "Limited Resources"
 1. "Out 'n' Around": Q1 says we've gotta get you off-planet, and introduces permit locks.
  OLD says he can get the player onto MOONSHOTs, but can't run it in burst-fire mode like Ascent can, and this shot will be to get the player off-planet.
 2. "Never Enough": Q1 thinks John Natco has even bigger plans than just murder, and this shot will be to get further away.
 3. "All The Pieces Into Place": Q1 has made a breakthrough - John Natco is doing SOMETHING near the sun. This shot gets closer.
 4. "A Blind Fling": This is the big shot before Chapter D. This shot takes them to the sun. Q1 says as much.
  (Cutscene: What they find...)

AND FINALLY...
"A Choice Is Made": Q1 says John Natco has a MASSIVE SPACESHIP. Destroy it by hitting it SO HARD with a single dot that it gets thrown into the sun.

Chapter D Filler section that was excised:
 1. "And Then There Were Two": TBD Q1 says they're dropping off someone to get the word out about what's going on.
 2. "But Soon There Were Many": TBD Q1 says you're travelling to a meeting place.
 3. "Their Heading Was Set": TBD Q1 tells player everybody's going in. This has a 100% fraction requirement but involves many dots.


